antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the people of denmark are called danes .
the 1986 united states bombing of libya was carried out by the united states air force .
carroll county maryland is southeast of adams county pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan .
the reference number in the national register of historic places for asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539 .

new york city was part of new netherland .

the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is mathematics .
the us includes many asian americans .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .



mahe in india , is to the northwest of kerala .

buzz aldrin was selected to work for nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone from california .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .

bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .

antioch is part of contra costa county in california .

the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
batagor is a variation of shumai .







albany oregon is part of the united states where washington d . c . is the capital .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
france ' s baked alaska includes the ingredient , sponge cake .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia and the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
pakistan is home to the allama iqbal international airport and is led by anwar zaheer jamali .
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway is 3800 long .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey , in the united states .

the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran , who was born in italy .
azal pfk play their home matches at the azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
' 1634 : the bavarian crisis ' , which was written by eric flint , is the sequel to the grantville gazettes .



acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .

graeme garden stars in bananaman which is broadcasted by stv .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven . t seagle .


william anders was a crew member on apollo 8 and was born in british hong kong .
william anders has since retired , but in 1962 he received a m . s . from his alma mater , afit .
108 st georges terrace has a floor count of 50 and was completed in 1988 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky which is located in copenhagen .
the 3arena is located in dublin , which is part of the republic of ireland .
elliot see , a united states national born in dallas , attended the university of texas at austin .
elliot see was a student at university of texas at austin and died in st . louis led by francis g . slay .


above the veil , written by garth nix , is 248 pages long and available in hardcover .
aenir and the sequel above the veil were written in english by garth nix .
the fullname of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa . it is in the lega pro / a league and has 4150 members .

the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who is in the jong ajax club and plays for istanbulspor a . s .

julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant riverside art museum and the asilomar conference grounds .
asser levy public baths located in new york city were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .

atlantic city is in the state of new jersey , united states , where the trenton is the capital .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s which is where they speak english and the city angola , indiana is located .
lake placid , n . y . is served by the adirondack regional airport , where the length of the runway is 2003 . 0 . and serves the city of saranac lake , new york .




the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade , and legislature is dictated by the national assembly .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
sago is one of the ingredients in the dish binignit which is a dessert course . cookies are also a type of dessert .
tomatoes belong to the order of solanales , the family of solanaceae , and are an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the awh engineering college in kerala is southeast of mahe in india . the leader of kerala is named kochi .


the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo and the frenchman rene goscinny .

ernie colon and gary cohn created the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name larry bolatinsky .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . the county is governed by limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is an art museum in the city of akita , in japan . akita , akita is part of the akita prefecture . many brazilian people live in japan .

the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , which is led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .

ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) which is made of bronze is located within the country .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it has a population density of 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) , a total area of 107 . 43 sq . km . and located 268 . 0 above sea level .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county in the us . it is located in the state of indiana and has a total area of 16 . 55 sq km .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate , where john sanchez is one of the leaders .
john van den brom plays for afc ajax , vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team . in addition he also manages az alkmaar .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the brazilian campeonato brasileiro serie c league . estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is the name of the ground of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense and it is located in arapiraca .

atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority , the head of which is stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg township , new jersey , united states .
the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq which is led by fuad masum . the city of fallujah is in the country and served by the al taqaddum air base .

bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 .

larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character , bolt . it was created by the puerto rican national ernie colon and the comic book writer , gary cohn .
j v jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which was published in hardcover . the oclc number is 51969173 and the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
the book a loyal character dancer , written by qiu xiaolong , was published in hardcover . it has the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and oclc number 49805501 .
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . the book comes from the us , where african americans are an ethnic group .





the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has a staff of 250 . the leader of kerala is named kochi .
bandeja paisa is a colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .


a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states . the language spoken in the united states ( as well as in great britain ) is english , and one of the us ethnic groups is native americans .
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the book a severed wasp originated . the capital of the us is washington dc and the language spoken in the us , and also great britain , is english .
the people living in the united states are americans , including the ethnic group of african americans . the capital of the us is washington dc and the president is barack obama . the book 1634 the ram rebellion was written within the us .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the u . s . , where the capital is washington dc and english is the language spoken .
auburn is part of pierce county and king county , washington , u . s . the population density of auburn is 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km . and the total area is 77 . 41 sq kms .
angola , indiana , ( part of steuben county ) , is in the united states . the country where english is spoken , and where one of the ethnic groups , is asian americans .
the baku turkish martyr ' s memorial honours the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . artur rasizade is the leader and prime minister of azerbaijan whose capital is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial has been dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is situated in azerbaijan whose capital city is baku . azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly and the leader ' s name is artur rasizade .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is located in turkey , whose largest city is istanbul and whose capital is ankara . president of turkey is the official title of the turkish leader and his name is ahmet davutoglu .


the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university located southwest of mols is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . aarhus is governed by a magistrate .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle . baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk .


italians inhabit italy , where the official language is italian . rome is the capital and one of the leaders is sergio mattarella . also in italy , is the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 .
the bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables however its also known as a bhaji or bajji .



buzz aldrin , ( born glen ridge , new jerseyi is a us national who became a member of the nasa operated apollo 11 crew , having previously served as a fighter pilot .


allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan as it serves the city of lahore and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport runway which named " 18l / 36r " has a total length of 3310 . 0 .
the athens international airport is located in athens , greece which has both alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos as leaders . the language spoken here is greek .
200 public square was completed in 1985 , and is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .

the akita museum of art , which has 3 floors , is an art museum in the city of akita , japan . it ' s address is 142 nakadori , which is the akita prefecture .

alvah sabin was a member of the whig party of the united states .



native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .

the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
alessio romagnoli played in as roma ' s youth team .


british people is a demonym for people in the united kingdom .
carl a wirtanen was the discoverer of 29075 1950 da .
1001 gaussia ' s former name was 1923 oaa907 xc .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron s . daggett , who fought in the battle of gettysburg , was awarded the purple heart .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute in kaduna .
hugo sperrle was a commander in the battle of france in which airey neave was also involved .

born in tampere , finland , aleksander barkov jr played for the florida panthers .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi , managed by levan khomeriki .
ace wilder is a solo singer with the record label warner music group .
alfredo zitarrosa is a milonga musician , who started out as a solo singer .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues and he is signed to the rabadash records label .

james craig watson was the discoverer of 103 hera and he died from peritonitis .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 and has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises from rostock .
the airbus defence and space , whose parent company is airbus group , made the ariane 5 .
atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04m and its final flight was on the 16th march 1998 .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was a conflict within the russian civil war . leon trotsky was the commender in the polish - soviet war .
agnes kant , born in west germany , graduated from radboud university nijmegen and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island in new york city . he passed away in new mexico territory .
107 camilla was discovered by english , n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham .
the 109 felicitas ( mass of 7 . 5 kilograms ) has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 and has an epoch date of the 31st december 2006 .
110 lydia has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 . its mass is 6 . 7 kg and has a periapsis measurement of 377016000000 . 0 .
pop musician aleksandra kovac is associated with the musical artist bebi dol and is part of the band k2 kovac sisters duo .

alex day performs synthpop music which originated from disco and stylistically is a type of pop music .
the alfa romeo 164 , assembled in italy ( capital : rome ) is a similar mode of transport as the fiat croma .
the alfa romeo 164 was made in italy and is related to the lancia thema vehicle . rome is the capital of italy .
aida cruises owns the aidaluna which is powered by an engine from illinois based caterpillar inc .
aaron hun ' s club is vfl wolfsburg but he previously played for both sv werder bremen and goslarer sc 08 youth team .
st louis rams is the former team of akeem ayers , who was drat pick 39 , in the draft round , 2 .

alaa abdul zahra , who played for the club al - zawra ' a sc , plays for al kharaitiyat sc . al khor is the home ground of al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by , amar osim .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is managed by amar osim and is located in al khor . another club of alaa abdul - zahra , is shabab al - ordon club .
aleksandr prudnikov was born february 24 , 1989 and is 185 cm tall . he plays for fc dynamo moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . it was discovered on march 1st 2001 .
1928 sj was the former name of 1101 clematis and its epoch date was on 31 december 2006 . its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 and its orbital period is 183309000 . 0 .

the alco rs - 3 which was built by the american locomotive company , was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 ( millimetres ) in length .
the antares rocket made its first flight on april 21 , 2013 and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 . it is manufactured by the yuzhnoye design office and it was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the aidastella , owned by costa crociere ( genoa ) and built by meyer werft , is operated by aida cruises .
the musical genre of albennie jones is rhythm and blues and he started his career in 1950 . rhythm and blues music originated from the blues and disco is its derivative .
chameleon circuit member and electronic musician alex day began in 2006 and is associated with artist charlie mcdonnell .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and died in asuncion , part of gran asuncion , the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
abdul taib mahmud , a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party , lives in sarawak . he was succeeded by adenan satem , who was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo .
battle of france veteran airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , began his career 06 / 30 / 1953 and retired 03 / 30 / 1979 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and he was a member of the democratic party united states and a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . albert e . austin succeeded alfred n . phillips .
the antares rocket was made by the yuzhnoye design office and is 3 . 9 m in diameter . it launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 making the first flight on 28 october 2014 and the final flight on 13 july 2014 .
the ela - 3 is located at the guiana space centre ( headquarters : french guiana ) , is operated by , the courcouronnes area , arianespace and is the launch place of the ariane 5 .
douglas r oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . which was founded in the united states and located in peoria , illinois . the aidaluna , which is owned by aida cruises is powered by the company .
alessio romagnoli is a defender who plays for uc sampdoria . he also plays in serie a for ac milan who are managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol , part of the uruguayan segunda division league . he plays for the us citta di palermo , managed by giuseppe iachini , and the uruguay national football team .
aleksandr prudnikov belongs to fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov and has it grounds at grozny . he played for fc spartak moscow , which includes sergey rodionov .
canadian james craig watson discovered 101 helena on august 15th , 1868 . he attended the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin .
allan sandage was a doctoral student of walter baade , the discoverer of 1036 ganymed . baade was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen , the city where he died .
1101 clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kgs , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and its epoch date was on 31st july 2016 . its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 kilometers and it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 k . p . s .
born on 1936 - 05 - 21 , in miri , malaysia , abdul taib mahmud , lives in kuching . his party is parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented the asajaya region .
agnes kant was a national of the netherlands ( led by mark rutte ) who resided in doesburg . she worked at the house of representatives which is led by khadija arib .

b - unique records and polydor recording artist andrew white began his career in 2003 . he is associated with the kaiser chiefs and marry banilow .
rock guitarist ai anderson is a member of nrbq . rock originates from rock which has its origins in country which derives from the blues . bhangra is a rock fusion .
electric guitarist aaron turner played with black metal band twilight and old man gloom . death metal is a fusion of blck metal .
