the operating organisation of antwerp international airport is the flemish government .
the inhabitants of denmark have the demonym of danes .
the united states air force was fighting in the united states bombing of libya in 1986 .
adams county , pennsylvania has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
artur rasizade is an azerbaijan leader .
the title of the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister of azerbaijan .
the asher and mary isabelle richardson house has a reference number of 88002539 in the national register of historic places .

new york city is part of new netherland .

the american journal of mathematics discipline is math .
asian americans is one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
a . d . isidro metapan is in the salvadoran primera division league .
gubbio is a region of umbria .
st . vincent st . mary high school is located in united states .

kerala has to its northwest mahe in india .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
california has a gemstone called benitoite .
elliot see died on the 28th of february 1966 .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
the creator of bibbo bibbowski is jerry ordway .
karl kesel is an american .
antioch , california is a part of contra costa county california .
orange county , california is located in the united states .
the u . s . house of representatives is in the u . s . capitol .
shumai is a variation of batagor .
bionico comes from the region jalisco .
indonesian is the language of indonesia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield which nearest city is frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and located in azerbaijan .
arlington , texas , located 184 . 0 above sea level , covers an area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
the united states has the capital city of washington dc and is the location of atlantic city , new jersey .
washington dc is the capital of the united states , where albany , oregon is located .
ayam penyet comes from both malaysia and indonesia .
baked alaska ( france ) uses sponge cake as an ingredient .
kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced dried black beans , garlic , soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a dish found in indonesia and singapore .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan who ' s leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
the runway length of angola international airport , which serves the city of luanda , is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona who have 39371 members .
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by italian born rolando maran .
azal arena , shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan , is the ground of azal pfk .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which is preceded by the grantville gazettes .
a fortress of grey ice with isbm 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 has 672 pages .
a long long way is 292 pages long , and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
1 decembrie 1918 university ' s nickname is uab and is located in alba .
acharya institute of technology in belgaum is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college is in the state of kerala , whose leader is kochi .
bananaman stars graeme garden , and is broadcasted by stv .
baymax was created by steven t seagle and is a character in big hero 6 .
marv wolfman was creator of bibbo bibbowski , often called bo bibbowski .
buzz aldrin was born in essex county , at glen ridge new jersey .
william anders was a member of the apollo 8 crew and was born in british hong kong .
william anders , who received a m . s from his alma mater , afit , in 1962 , is retired .
108 st georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky , located in copenhagen , is marriott international .
the 3arena is located in dublin in the republic of ireland .
elliot see , a us national born in dallas , was a student at university of texas at austin .
elliot see , who attended the university of texas at austin , died in st . louis , whose mayor is francis g . slay .
elliot see died on 28 february , 1966 in st . louis a part of the kingdom of france .

above the veil has 248 pages and was written by garth nix . it is available in hardcover .
garth nix is the author of aenir which is written in the english language . this novel was followed up with the book above the veil .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) play in the lega pro / a and has 4150 members .

john van den brom , who manages az alkmaar , plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor as .
alan b . miller hall ' s building opened in 30th march 2007 . the mason school of business in the united states are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds and she also designed other significant buildings including the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths in new york city were built in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on " 1980 - 04 - 23 " .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque ( new mexico ) which has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and the population density of 1142 . 3 people per square kilometers .
the capital of the state of new jersey in the u . s . is trenton . atlantic city is also part of that state .
the united states , where the asian americans are an ethnic group , uses the english language and is the location of angola , indiana .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and saranac lake , new york . the runway is 2003 feet long .
the operating organisation for al asad airbase is the united states air force . they were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter plane known as the mcdonnell douglas f15 eagle .
austin is the capital of texas , where they speak english , and andrews county airport is located .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is placed in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania , northwest of carroll county maryland .

the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade , and the legislature is dictated by the national assembly .
barny cakes come from france . claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders in france .
cookies and binignit are types of dessert . a key ingredient of binignit is sago .
the tomato , used in an amatriciana sauce , belongs to the family solanaceae and is of the order solanales .
kochi is the leader of kerala which is southeast of mahe india , and the location of the awh engineering college .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association ( which has its headquarters in brussels ) .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , denmark , was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix , was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny , who is french .
the comics character blockbuster , aka mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
bolt , a comic character is also known as larry bolatinsky was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
adare manor is located in adare county limerick , munster which is governed by limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , of the akita prefecture in japan . brazilians are one of the japanese ethnic groups .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the leader is known as the president of the united states , they speak english and joe biden is also a leader .
prime minister of azerbaijan is the official title of the leader of azerbaijan and his name is artur rasizade . the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial can be found in baku , the capital of azerbaijan .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11th , 1907and located in the monocacy national battlefield in the county frederick , maryland . the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick , maryland .
the ataturk monument in izmir is made of bronze , is located in turkey , which is led by ahmet davutoglu and has ankara as its capital .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union and elevated 268 . 0 meters above sea level . the town has an area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and its population density is 523 . 9 inhabitants / sq km .
angola is part of pleasant township in steuben county and covers a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres . the city is in indiana , united states .
albuquerque is in new mexico , in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . the new mexico senate leads albuquerque and john sanchez is one of the leaders .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and played for the netherlands national football team . he is in vitesse arnhem and now plays for afc ajax .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is based in brazil .
peter stoger is at the fk austria wien club and is in the sk vorwarts steyr club , a player in fc admira wacker modling , and is the manager of fc kolin .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , u . s . the south jersey transportation authority is the owner of the airport and it is run by stephen dilts .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , which is in iraq , where fuad masum is the leader and the kurdish languages are spoken .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of the country is haider al - abadi and the kurdish language is spoken .
jill shilling was the star of the stv hit bananaman , created by steve bright and first aired on the 3rd of october 1983 .
american , duncan rouleau created baymax , a character in the film big hero 6 , which starred ryan potter .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , who is a puerto rican national .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones and produced in hardcover , has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and the oclc number 51969173 .
the hardcover book a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong , has an oclc number of 49805501 and an isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states . it is also where the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from . this book was written in english which is the language of great britain .



awh engineering college was established in 2001 , and is located in the city of kuttikkattoor , india , where the ganges river is also located .
the all india council for technical education in mumbai granted technical campus status to the acharya institute of technology . tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation is a sport offered at the institute .
kochi is leader of kerala state where the awh engineering college with an academic staff of 250 is located in the city of kuttikkattoor .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . the dish is from colombian cuisine and originates in the paisa region .
beef kway teow is found in indonesia and singapore . halimah yacob is a leader of standard chinese speaking singapore .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and binignit are both dishes served as dessert . the latter dish originates from the philippines where philippine english is spoken .
english is spoken in great britain but is also the language of the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the book " a loyal character dancer " was published in the us by soho press .
the language of both great britain and the united states is english . it is in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and the ethnic group of native americans are found . the country is also the origin of the book " a severed wasp " .
the united states is inhabited by americans including the ethnic group of african americans . the book 1634 the ram rebellion was written in the country which is led by president barack obama and has the capital city of washington dc .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas in the united states whose capital is washington dc and english is the language .
auburn is part of both king county and pierce county in washington which is located in the united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per sq km and covers a total area of 77 . 41 sq kms .
angola , indiana , is part of steuben county , united states where americans live . the asian americans are an ethnic group of the united states and english is the language spoken .
dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and located in baku is the turkish martyrs memorial . baku is the capital of azerbaijan whose prime minister and leader is artur rasizade .
the turkish martyrs memorial , dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku is located in that city , the capital of azerbaijan . the leader of the country , artur rasizade is head of the national assembly .
president of turkey is the official title of the turkish leader and his name is ahmet davutoglu . turkey ' s capital is ankara and its largest city is istanbul . the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey .
kerala state which has mahe , india to it ' s northwest is also the home of the awh engineering college . the college was established in 2001 in the city of kuttikkattoor and currently has 250 members of staff .

mols is situated to the northeast of aarhus which has the magistrate type of government . the city of aarhus is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
baymax is a character who appeared in big hero 6 starring alan tudyk . it was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
the manager of a . c . lumezzane is michele marcolini who has played for f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio . a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is in italy where the leader is pietro grasso .
gus poyet is the manager of aek athens who play at their home ground of the olympic stadium ( athens ) at marousi . he previously played for chelsea fc and is associated with real zaragoza fc .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is sergio mattarella and italian is the official language . italians are the people who live in italy , where the capital city is rome .
bhajji ( also called bahjo or bajji ) comes from the karnataka region of india . it contains gram flour and vegetables .
batchoy comes from the philippines , whose ethnic groups include the zamboangans and the chinese filipino , and where arabic and philippine spanish are among the languages spoken .
some famous spaniards from spain include felipe vi ( leader of spain ) and susana diaz who is the leader of andalusia where ajoblanco comes from .
alan shepard was on the crew of apollo 14 , which was operated by nasa . he was born in new hampshire , and was warded the united states navy distinguished service medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
buzz aldrin was a united states national . born glen ridge new jersey , who served as a fighter pilot before being a crew member on apollo 11 , program organized by nasa .

the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and was involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transporter are planes of the usaf .
allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is governed by the pakistan civil aviation authority and serves the city of lahore . the airport runway is named 18l / 36r and has a length of 3310 .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , greece where the spoken language is greek . two leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
200 public square completed in 1985 is in cleveland ( part of cuyahoga county ) in ohio , u . s .
marriott international , founded in washington dc , is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky located in copenhagen , denmark ( which is led by lars lokke rasmussen and has greenlandic as a spoken language ) .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , which is part of akita prefecture , japan . the museum has 3 floors and its address is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
alvah sabin belongs to the whig party ( united states ) .
juan peron belongs to the labour party in argentina .

the related transport to the alfa romeo 164 is the lancia thema .
the united states has an ethnic group called native americans .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
basim qasim manages al - zawra ' a sc .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma ' s youth team .
abradab ' s background is that of solo singer .
a solo singer is part of aleksandra kovac ' s background , .
the native people of the united kingdom are known as the british people .
carl a wirtanen discovered ( 29075 ) 1950 da .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is " 1923 oaa907 xc " .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of gettysburg and was awarded the purple heart .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and he attended the technical institute kaduna .
airey neave fought in the battle of france , the battle where hugo sperrle was the commander .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc managed by amar osim .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere finland and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi managed by levan khomeriki .
ace wilder is a solo singer who uses the record label warner music group .
solo singer alfredo zitarrosa is a milonga stylist .
anders osborne genre is rhythm and blues and his record label is rabadash records .
james craig watson who discovered 101 helena died of peritonitis .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson , who later died from peritonitis .
the celestial body known as 110 lydia has an orbital period of 142603000 and an epoch date of 31 december 2006 .
aida cruises , located in rostock , are the operator of the ship aidaluna .
the airbus group is the parent company of airbus defence and space who manufactured the ariane 5 .
the final flight of atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04m , was on 16 march 1998 .
leon trotsky was a commander in the polish - soviet war , part of the russian civil war military conflict in which adam koc was involved .
agnes kant was born in west germany . she was a member of the house of representatives and her alma mater was radboud university in nijmegen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in new mexico territory .
nr pogson was an english national who was born in nottingham and discovered 107 camilla .
weighing 7 . 5kgs , 109 felicitas , has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , and its orbital period is , 139705000 . 0 .
110 lydia has a mass of 6 . 7 kg , a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 , and has an epoch date of december 31st , 2006 .
aleksandra kovac is associated with the musical artist bebi dol , is part of the band k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , and musical genre is pop .
rhythm and blues artist aleksandra kovac is a member of sister duo , k2 , with musician kristina kovac .
the musical genre of alex day is synthpop , a form of pop music which originated from disco .
alfa romeo 164 , asembled in italy ( capital : rome ) , is a related mode of transportation as the fiat croma .
the lancia thema and the alfa romeo 164 are related . the latter is built in italy where the capital is rome .
caterpillar inc . is found in illinois and they powered the aidaluna . aidacruises owns the aidaluna .
aaron hunt represented the club goslarer sc 08 at youth level and has since played for both sv werder bremen and vfl wolfsburg .
akeem ayers , who formerly played for st louis rams , was number 39 in the draft pick and in draft round 2 .
alan martin ' s football club is motherwell fc and he has also played for the accrington based club accrington stanley .
alaa abdul zahra , whose club is al - zawra ' a sc , is also a member of the club , al kharaitiyat sc amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc . which is located in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra , whose club is shabab al - ordon club , also plays for al kharaitiyat sc . which is located in al khor . the manager of al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim .
born on feb . 24 , 1989 and measuring 185 cm tall , aleksandr prudnikov plays for the fc kuban krasnodar and is part of the dynamo moscow fc .
107 camilla was discovered by n . r . pogson , who was born in nottingham and died in chennai . it was discovered on 1 march 2001 .
1101 clematis , formerly known as " 1928 sj " , has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . its epoch date is december 31st 2006 .
1101 clematis ' s escape velocity is 0 . 02 km / s , prbital period of 183309000 , periapsis of 445895000000 , and an epoch on the 31st of december .
the alco rs - 3 has a v12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 by the american locomotive company .
the antares rocket was made by the yuzhnoye design office and launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it ' s maiden flight was on 21 april 2013 and the final flight on 28 october 2014 .
the aidastella was built by meyer werft and is operated by aida cruise line . the aidastella is owned by costa crociere , who are located in genoa .
ending his career in 1950 , albennie jones was a performer of rhythm and blues . this genre originated from the blues and has disco as a derivative .
alex day performs electronic music and plays with the band chameleon circuit . his active musical years started in 2006 and he is associated with the musical artist , charlie mcdonnell .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay which is led by juan afra . he died in asuncion which is part of gran asuncion .
japanese occupied , british borneo , was the birthplace of adenan satem , who succeeded abdul taib mahmud . abdul taid mahmud is a member of barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party and resides in sarawak .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge in london and started his career on the 30th june 1953 . he fought in the battle of france and ended his career on the 30th march 1979 .
alfred n . phillips , born in connecticut was a member of the united states democratic party and worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from the connecticut ' s 4th district . his successor was albert e . austin .
the antares rocket ' s maiden flight was on the 28th october 2014 and its last flight on 2014 - 07 - 13 . its launch site was the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it is manufactured at the yuzhnoye design office and is 3 . 9 m in diameter .
the guiana space centre ' s headquarters are located in french guiana , it is the location of the ela - 3 launchpad where the ariane 5 was launched . ela - 3 is operated by arianespace , which is located in courcouronnes .
douglas r . oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc . who provide the power type for the aidaluna owned by aida cruises . the company was founded in the united states and located in peoria , illinois .
defender alessio romagnoli , whose former clubs include uc sampdoria , has played for the serie a side ac milan , which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
central espanol , where abel hernandez played youth football , are part of the uruguayan segunda division league . hernandez has represented uruguay at international level and also played for the club u . s . citta di palermo , where the manager is giuseppe iachini .
aleksandr prydnikov belongs to fc terek grozny , which is managed by rashid rakhimov , and has its grounds at grozny . prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , which includes chairman sergey rodionov .
101 helena was discovered by the canadian james craig watson on august 15th 1868 . mr watson , who studied at the university of michigan , died in madison , wisconsin .
walter baade , who had a doctoral student named allan sandage , was born in the german empire and graduated from the university of gottingen . he discovered 1036 ganymed and later died in gottingen .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is on the 31st of july 2016 and it has a mass of 5 . 7 kilos . the orbital period for 1101 clematis is 183309000 . 0 , has an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres , and an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia , on may 21st 1936 and lives in kuching . he represented asajaya and was a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands which is led by mark rutte . she was a resident of doesburg and worked at the house of representatives which is led by khadija arib .
cleveland born albert b white , whose wife was agnes ward white , died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson , who was born in bloomington , maryland .
b - unique records and polydor records artist andrew white began in 2003 and is associated with the kaiser chiefs and artist marry banilow .
al anderson plays the guitar for rock band nrbq . rock comes from country music which originates from blues . bhangra music is a musical fusion of rock music .
aaron turner plays electric guitar and played with the black metal twilight band and the old man gloom band . a fusion of black metal is called death metal .
