the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
denmark demonym is danes .
the usaf was involved in the 1986 bombing of libya .
to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania lies carroll county , maryland .
artur rasizade was an azerbaijan leader .
prime minister of azerbaijan is the official title of the leader of azerbaijan .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the los angeles herald examiner building .
new york city is a part of new netherland .
aenir is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics studies mathematics .
the united states has an ethnic group called asian americans .
a d isidro metapan play in a league called the salvadoran primera division .
gubbio is in the region of umbria .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the state of alba .
the northwest border to kerala is mahe in india .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
nasa selected buzz aldrin in 1963 .
the gemstone of california is benitoite .
elliot see died on 28 february , 1966 .
ben urich ' s full name is actually benjamin urich .
jerry ordway is the creator of bibbo bibbowski .
karl kesel ' s nationality is american .
antioch , is part of contra costa county in california .
orange county is in california , in the united states .
the united states house of representatives , is located in the united states capitol .
batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish .
bionico is found in the region of jalisco .
indonesian language is the language spoken in indonesia .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorized as a contributing property and was established in 2000 .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is near frederick , maryland in the district of the monocacy national battlefield .
the baku turkish martyrs memorial , located in azerbaijan , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
arlington in texas is located at 184 . 0 metres above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states , the capital of which is washington dc .
albany , oregon is part of the united states , where washington , d . c . is the capital .
ayam penyet is from indonesia and is a popular dish in malaysia .
baked alaska comes from the country of france and one of the ingredients is sponge cake .
the main ingredients in beef kway teow made in singapore and indonesia are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
the city of luanda is served by angola international airport which has a runway that is 3800 metres long .
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona which has 39371 members .
rolando maran , who has managed ac chievo verona , was born in italy .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk which is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and preceded by the grantville gazettes .
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages , and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
the uab is the nickname of the 1 1918 decembrie university in the state of alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in the city of belgaum .
awh engineering college is located in kerala whose leader is kochi .
graeme garden stars in bananaman , which is broadcast by stv .
baymax , created by steve t . seagle , is a character in big hero 6 .
bibbo bibbowski , often called bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , located in the essex county in new jersey .
the apollo 8 crew included the british hong kong - born william anders .
william anders graduated , with an m . s . , from afit in 1962 , and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50 .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky and is located in copenhagen .
the 3arena is in dublin which is part of the republic of ireland .
elliot see , a us national , was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see , a past graduate of the university of texas , austin , died in st louis where the leader is francis g slay .
elliot see died on the 28th of february 1966 in st . louis , which is part of the kingdom of france .
a severed wasp ( from the united states ) is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
above the veil is available in hardcover , has 248 pages and was written by garth nix .
aenir is written in english by garth nix , the followed book is above the veil .
the " associazione calcio lumezzane spa " is the full name of a . c . lumezzane who play in lega pro / a and have 4150 members .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) can be found in amsterdam . amsterdam - centrum is part of the city and its leader is eberhard van der laan .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar and is in the jong ajax club . he currently plays for istanbulspor a . s .
alan b . miller hall was started on march 30 , 2007 and has the mason school of business in the u . s . as a tenant .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference at the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and are in new york city . they were added to the national register of historic places on " 1980 - 04 - 23 " .
albuquerque , new mexico , has a population density of 1142 , 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490 . 9 sq . km . the new mexico senate is the political party in albuquerque .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the u . s . the capital of new jersey is trenton .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where the english language is spoken and the native americans are an ethnic group .
adirondack regional airport serves both lake placid and saranac lake , new york . the length of the runway at asirondack regional airport is 2003 .
the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the united states air force operated al asad airbase and was used during the invasion of grenada .
andrews county airport is located in texas , austin and the language spoken in texas is english .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg , pennsylvania , in adams county , which has carroll county , maryland to its southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , known locally as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in baku , the capital city of azerbaijan .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , where the leader is artur rasizade , and legislature is based in the national assembly .
barny cakes come from france where two of the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls .
binignit is a type of dessert with the ingredient sago , a cookie is also a dessert .
tomatoes which are part of the solanaceae family and solanales order are a key ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
awh engineering college is located in kerala . the leader of kerala is kochi . to the northwest of kerala is mahe , india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 .
asterix was created by albert uderzo and rene goscinny who is a french national .
the comic character blockbuster , aka mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character of bolt has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colon and the comic book writer , gary cohn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
akita museum of art , located in akita , akita , part of akita prefecture , japan displays art from brazilians , one of the ethnic groups in that country .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where english is spoken and the leader has the title president . joe biden is one of the leaders .
the turkish martyrs memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , where the leader ( prime minister of azerbaijan ) is called artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established 1907 - 07 - 11 at the monocacy national battlefield in the county of frederick , maryland , with frederick , maryland as its nearest city .
the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . turkey is the location of the bronze ataturk monument .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union , and is located at 268 . 0 above sea level . the population density of anderson , indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and the area is 107 . 43 square kilometres .
angola is part of pleasant township in steuben county , indiana , in the u . s . and is 16 . 55 square kilometres in size .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states and asian americans are an ethnic group there . john sanchez , is one of the leaders , in the new mexico senate which is leading the state .
john van den brom , manager for az alkmaar , play for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax , and has played for the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their home ground is estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca .
peter stoger is the manager at 1 . fc koln . he is a former player of sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien .
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township , new jersey in the united states . the airport ' s owner is south jersey transportation authority headed by stephen dilts .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah , in iraq , where kurdish languages are spoken and fuad masum is the leader .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country is led by haider al - abadi and uses the kurdish languages .
bananaman first aired on 3 october 1983 and starred jill shilling . it was created by steve bright and broadcast by stv .
baymax is a character which was created by american duncan rouleau and featured in the film big hero 6 ( starring ryan potter ) .
the comic character bolt , who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and the puerto rican national , ernie colon .
a fortress of grey ice , by j v jones , has the oclc number 51969173 , the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and is available in hardcover .
the book , a loyal character dancer , has the isbn number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 and the oclc number is 49805501 . it was penned by qiu xiaolong and can be found in hardcover .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and is written in the english language .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas in the united states . he was selected by nasa in 1963 , and spent 100305 . 0 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin ( born as edwin eugene aldrin jr ) was a crew member for nasa ' s apollo 11 and had 20 awards .
alan shepard , who was awarded the distinguished service medal from the u . s . navy , an award that is higher than the department of commerce gold medal , was born in new hampshire and died in california .
awh engineering college ( kuttikkattoor , india ) was established in 2001 . one of the rivers in india is the ganges .
the acharya institute of technology offers tennis as its sport and it was given the " technical campus " status by the all india council for technical education ( located in mumbai ) . the sports governing body for tennis is the international tennis federation .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala and it has 250 academic staff . the leader of kerala is kochi .
bandeja paisa is a colombian cuisine from the paisa region . the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are : red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon " .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in indonesia . the same dish is found in singapore , where halimah yacob is a leader and standard chinese is the language spoken .
sandesh and binignit are desserts . binignit comes from the philippines , where the language is philippine english .
the english language is spoken in great britain and the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . a loyal character dancer is published in the united states by soho press .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington dc and uses the english language which is also spoken in great britain .
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans and there is an ethnic group called african american . the leader of the united states is barack obama , the capital is washington d . c . and 1634 the ram rebellion was written there .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c , the language of this country is english . amarillo , that its a beautiful place located in this country is part of potter county in the state of texas .
the population density of auburn is 914 . 8 person for each of its 77 . 21 square kilometres . auburn forms part of king county and pierce county , both of washington , united states .
americans live in the united states , where english is spoken and where asian americans are an ethnic group . the us is the location of angola , which is in steuben county , indiana .
azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade and his official title is prime minister of azerbaijan . baku is the capital and the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku is located in the country .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where the legislature is the national assembly and the leader is artur rasizade . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who lost their lives in the battle of baku .
ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey ( the leader ) . while the capital of turkey is ankara , the largest city is istanbul . turkey is the location of the ataturk monument ( izmir ) .
awh engineering college is located southeast of mahe in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . the college was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
awh engineering college is located in kerala india . kochi is the leader of kerala . ganges is the main river in india and mumbai is the largest city .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated to the european university association ( headquarters in brussels ) . aarhus has a magistrate government . aarhus has mols to its northeast .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle . baymax is a character in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk .
italy is led by pietro grasso and is where ac lumezzane play . their manager is michele marcolini who is in the vicenza calcio club and plays for fc bari 1908 .
gus poyet is in the real zaragoza club and previously played for chelsea fc . he now manages aek athens who have their home ground at the olympic stadium ( athens ) at marousi .
the capital of rome is italy whose language is italian . the leader of the country is sergio mattarella and it is occupied by italians . a . s . gubbio 1910 is located there .
bhajji , alternative names : bhaji and bajji , originate from the karnataka region of india and contain the main ingredients of gram flour and vegetables .
among the languages spoken in the philippines are arabic and philippine spanish . the zamboangans are a group in the philippines and another group is the chinese filipino . batchoy comes from the philippines .
ajoblanco is a spanish dish that originates andalusia , where the leader is susana diaz . felipe vi is the leader of spain , where the people that live there are called spaniards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and he was a member of the nasa apollo 14 crew . he was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
buzz aldrin was a us national who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and crew member on the apollo 11 program organized by nasa .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire ( united states ) and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and during operation enduring freedom . they deploy the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules as a transport aircraft .
operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and located in pakistan , is allama iqbal international airport . this airport ; serves the city of lahore , has a runway length of 3310 . 0 and a runway with the name 18l / 36r .
athens international airport serves the city of athens , in greek speaking greece . two of the leaders of which are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos .
the 200 public square was completed in 1985 in cuyahoga county , cleveland , ohio , united states .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is in denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen and greenlandic is one of the languages spoken there . the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the marriott international hotel which was founded in washington , d . c .
akita museum of art is an art museum at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori , akita , akita prefecture , japan . it was constructed with 3 floors .
knightsbridge , london is the birthplace of airey neave .
alvah sabin was a member of the united states whig party .
juan peron was a member of the labour party in argentina .
the acura tlx has an awd vehicle layout .
alfa romeo 164 and lancia thema are related types of transportation .
native americans are on of the ethnic groups in the united states .
abel hernandez ' s club is the uruguay national football team .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
alessio romagnoli plays for the a . s . roma youth team .
abradab has a background as a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer .
people from the united kingdom are called british people .
( 29075 ) 1950 da was discovered by carl a wirtanen .
1001 gaussia was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc .
101 helena has an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
aaron s daggett fought at the battle of gettysburg and was awarded the purple heart .
abdulsalami abubakar , was born in minna , and has the technical institute kaduna , for an almar mater .
airey neave was involved in the battle of france in which hugo sperrle was a commander .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc managed by amar osim .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland and played with the florida panthers .
aleksandre guruli played for fc dinamo batumi managed by levan khomeriki .
ace wilder has a background as a solo singer and is signed to the record label warner music group .
the musical genre of alfredo zitarrosa , who started out as a solo singer , is milonga .
rhythm and blues artist anders osborne is signed with rabadash records .
james craig watson , who died from peritonitis , discovered 101 helena .
james craig watson , who died of peritonitis , was the discoverer of 103 hera .
the epoch date of 110 lydia is 31 december 2006 and it has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
the aidaluna is operated by aida cruises which are located at rostock .
airbus group is the parent company of airbus defence & space ; where ariane 5 was manufactured .
atlas ii , which is 3 . 04m in diameter , had its final flight on march 16th 1998 .
the polish - soviet war , which was part of the russian civil war , was where adam koc fought and where leon trotsky was a commander .
agnes kant was born in west germany and was a member of the house of representatives . he attended the radboud university nijmegen .
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island , new york city and died in the new mexico territory .
107 camilla was discovered by the british nr pogson who was born in nottingham .
109 felicitas has an epoch date of 31 december 2006 , a mass of 7 . 5 kg and an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
110 lydia ' s epoch is 31st december 2006 , it has a mass of 6 . 7kg and a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
aleksandra kovac plays pop music for the k2 band . he knows musician , bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac is an artist for the band k2 and has the musical genre of rhythm and blues . she is musically involved with kristina kovac .
the musical genre of alex day , is synthpop , which originated from disco and has its stylistic origins in pop music .
the fiat croma and the alfa romeo 164 are both cars . the latter was built in italy where the capital is rome .
the alfa romeo 164 , which was assembled in italy , and the lancia thema are related types of transportation . the capital of italy is rome .
caterpillar inc . of illinois powers the aida cruise owned , aidaluna .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen . he was a member of the goslarer sc 08 youth team .
akeem ayers used to play for the st . louis rams . he was number 39 in the draft pick in draft round 2 .
alan martin , whose club is motherwell fc , played for accrington stanley fc who have their ground in accrington .
alaa abdul zahra has played for al kharaitiyat sc and al - zawra ' a sc . al kharaitiyat sc . are managed by amar osim and play their home games at al khor .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc which is located at al khor and managed by amar osim . the shabab al - ordon club is associated with alaa abdul - zahra .
aleksandr prudnikov , who is 185cm tall and was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for both fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he discovered the 107 camilla asteroid on the 1st march 2001 .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is on the 31st of july 2016 and it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . its former name is " 1928 sj " and it has a periapsis of 445895000000 .
1101 clematis has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second , a periapsis of 445895000000 , and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 and it was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 . it ' s length is 17068 . 8 millimetres and it has a v12 engine .
the antares rocket , made by yuzhnoye design office , had its initial flight april 21 , 2013 and final flight on 10 / 28 / 2014 . it was launched at mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
costa crociere , located in genoa , is the owner of aidastella which was built by meyer werft is operated by aidastella cruises .
albennie jones , performed in the rhythm and blues genre and ended his career in 1950 . rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative .
alex day , who is associated with performer charlie mcdonnell , plays with the band chameleon circuit . he became active in 2006 and his speciality is electronic music .
agustin barboza died in asuncion , part of gran asuncion , in paraguay , the country led by juan afara .
adenan satem was born in japanese occupied british borneo . his successor was abdul taib mahmud , who , resides in sarawak and is a member of the " barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak " party .
knightsbridge , london is the birthplace of airey neave and he was involved in the battle of france . he started his career on 30th june 1953 and ended it on 30th march 1979 .
connecticut born alfred n phillips , a democrate , worked as member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and was succeded by albert e . austin .
yuzhnoye design office created the antares rocket whose initial flight took place july 13 , 2014 at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the rocket is 3 . 9 m in diameter and took its last trip on oct . 28 , 2014 .
the ariane 5 was launched at the ela - 3 , which is located at the guiana space centre , which has its own hq in french guiana . the ela - 3 is operated by arianespace , which is located in courcouronnes .
aidaluna , owned by aida cruises , is powered by caterpillar inc . , where douglas r . oberhelman is a key person . caterpillar inc . was founded in the united states and is in peoria , illinois .
the defender , alessio romagnoli is a member of the serie a league club a . c . milan who are managed by sinisa mihajlovic . he is also connected to uc sampdoria .
abel hernandez played youth football for central espanol part of the uruguayan segunda division league . mr . hernandez plays for the us citta di palermo and the uruguay national football team . giuseppe iachini manages the u . s . citta di palermo team .
aleksandr prudnikov has played for the clubs fc terek grozny ( based in grozny ) , where the manager was rashid rakhimov and fc spartak moscow , whose chairman is sergey rodionov .
james craig watson , who discovered 101 helena on 15th august 1868 , is a canadian national who attended the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin .
german walter baade discovered 1036 ganymed . baade died in gottingen , was a graduate of the university of gottingen and allan sandage was among his doctoral students .
1101 clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms , an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and its epoch date was on 31st july 2016 . it has an escape velocity of 0 . 02 km / sec and its apoapsis is 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
abdul taib mahmud was born on 21 may 1936 in miri , malaysia , and lives in kuching . his party was the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he represented the asajaya region .
agnes kant was born in the netherlands and lives in doesburg . she worked at the house of representatives in the netherlands , where mark rutte is the leader . khadija arib is the leader of the house of representatives .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , was married to agnes ward white and died in parkersburg , west virginia . white was succeeded in office by william m . o . dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
the musician andrew white is part of the kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label b - unique records and polydor records . he started his musical career in 2003 and was associated with marry banilow .
al anderson plays the guitar in the rock music band nrbq . rock music originated from country music , which originated from blues music ; the music bhangra is part of the fusion genre , partly coming from rock music .
aaron turner is an electric guitar player who has played with the black metal band twilight and with old man gloom . death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
