MotorSport Vision is located in the city of Fawkham.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party, resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician from Massachusetts who plays the electric guitar. He started performing in 1995 and is a musician in the Lotus Eaters band.
Year of No Light is a band whose members include a former guitarist for Monarch has created an album called Nord.
Cecil Parker had a main role in It's Great to Be Young.
Train followed Mermaid with Imagine is a song by musical artist John Lennon, which has a FIMI certification. It was produced by the production team Espionage.
The Fellowship of the Ring belongs to the fantasy genre.
In the United States, one of the national ethnic groups are the African Americans. The United States is where Abraham A. Ribicoff, who was married to Casey Ribicoff, died.
The University of Burgundy in Dijon has 2,900 staff members along with 27,400 students, of which 9,400 are postgraduate students and 1,299 are PhD students.
Year of No Light is both the artist and the producer of the album Nord. The album was released on the label Crucial Blast. Year of No Light's next album was Live at Roadburn 2008.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on February 24, 1989 and is 185 cm tall. He currently plays for FC Amkar Perm and also played for FC Terek Grozny, which is located in Grozny.
The College of William and Mary, located in Williamsburg Virginia is the location of the Mason School of Business located inside Alan B Miller Hall.
Director Ray Griggs, born in 1974, is the writer of the film Super Capers, starring Michael Rooker and Tom Sizemore.
Nord is an album by Year Of No Light that falls under the genres of sludge metal and post-metal. It was released in September 6th, 2006. The next album Year Of No Light released was Live at Roadburn 2008.
The ALCO RS-3 was produced between May 1950 and August 1956 has has a cylinder count of 12 and is 17068.8 millimetres in length.
Adam West was born in the year 1928.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall which was completed on 1st June 2009, address is "101 Ukrop Way". The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall.
Aaron Turner starter performing in 1995 and began singing for a living. He performs under the genre of post-metal, and is noted to have played with the band Twilight.
Darinka Dentcheva is resident of new Jersey which has an area of water that is 3.544.04 meters squared and citizen of the United States where the motto is "In God We Trust".
One of the leaders of Israel is Reuven Rivlin.
The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is located in Arapiraca. It is the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense who play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and have 17000 members. The full name of the club is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense"
While pop rock can trace its stylistic roots back to rock music, Reggae music evolved out of different musical genre, known as ska. Interestingly, the Train song, Mermaid, belongs to the genre of pop rock, but is also considered to be of the reggae genre as well.
After releasing their album Squeeze, music group the Velvet Underground produced and released rock music album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which they recorded in St Louis Missouri, USA The album was released on 2001-10-16 under the Polydor and Universal Music Group record labels and has a total run time of 230:05 minutes.
GMA New Media is a company in the mass media industry whose headquarters are located in the GMA Network Center.
Death on a Factory Farm is a film broadcasted by HBO, formerly known as The Green Channel.
"English Without Tears" was produced and written by Anatole de Grunwald. The editor for the film was Alan Jaggs.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and is a post metal musician who plays electric guitar and played with the band Twilight.
The University of Burgundy has 16,800 undergraduate students.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is a sports ground which is based in Arapiraca and used by the team Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense. Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the 2015 season of the Brazil based Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been previous champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
The film Super Capers, distributed by Lionsgate and starring Justin Whalin, grossed $30,955.
Ciudad Ayala city, led by Juan Nolasco, has a population density of 1604.0.
Lady Anne Monson’s nationality is English but currently resides in India, whose total area is 3,287,590 km^2. One of the leaders of India is Chief Justice.
The Train song Mermaid is followed by the John Lennon song Imagine.
Nurhan Atasoy's date of birth is January 1, 1934.
Nie Haisheng, born in Zaoyang took part in the Shenzhou 6 mission was part of the mission Shenzhou 10.
To the northeast of Frederick County, Maryland is Adams County, Pennsylvania, the location of the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument. The monument is a Contributing Property.
The album Expect a miracle is of the easy instrumental Listening music genre.
Nurhan Atasoy is a resident of Istanbul, Turkey. Istanbul is in the Eastern European Summer Time zone.
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes was released by Universal Music Group, a record label run by key person Lucian Grainge. Polydor Records recorded Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes.
The band Train followed up "This'll be my year" with a 3 minutes, 16 seconds long pop rock song, entitled "Mermaid." Mermaid, which is also considered an example of the reggae genre of music, was written by songwriter, Espen Lind and released on December, 27, 2012.
Mermaid,performed by Train, is on the Sony Music Entertainment label;however,John Lennon also released Imagine which was followed by Happy Xmas (War is Over) on the same record label.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where peso is the currency. Cookie is also a dessert.
Jamie Lawrence is the music composer of the 83 minute 'Death on a Factory Farm' film, directed by Sarah Teale.
Olga Bondareva, who was born on April 27, 1937, graduated from Leningrad State University.
Nie Haisheng is from the People's Republic of China, he was born in Zaoyang, Hubei.
Piotr Hallmann is 175.26 cm tall and weighs 70.308 kg.
La Crosse is a city in La Crosse County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.
Brian Kelly produced an instrumental album titled Expect A Miracle.
Andrew Rayel who performed the genre of Trance music is associated with the musical artist Armin van Buuren.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24 and plays for FC Amkar Perm. He was also a member of the youth side of FC Spartak Moscow.
Detroit is part of Michigan.
Abraham Ribicoff was born in the USA. He was married to Casey Ribicoff and was succeeded by John N. Dempsey.
The song Mermaid is by the musical band Train.
Expect a Miracle is in the instrumental music genre.
Liselotte Grschebina was born 115 meters above sea-level, in Karlsruhe, in the German Empire, where the currency is the German Papiermark.
Brandon Carter, a specialist in General Relativity, is known for the Carter Constant.
Brandon Carter was born on January 1, 1942 and worked professionally in the field of General Relativity. Brandon Carter was known for the Carter Constant and his contributions to the no-hair theorem. Dennis William Sciama was his doctoral advisor.
Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes's genre is rock, of which proto-punk is a musical subgenre.
Piotr Hallmann was born on August 25, 1987 and he weighs 70.308 kilograms.
The population in the Ciudad Ayala metropolitan area is 1777539.
The rock album "Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes" was produced by proto-punk band The Velvet Underground.
George Allen & Unwin published The Fellowship of the Ring, a fantasy, on July 29th, 1954. The Fellowship of the Ring is preceded by the Hobbit and followed by The Two Towers.
A monument to the 11th Mississippi Infantry was erected in 2000 categorised as a contributing property and stands in the state of Pennsylvania in the municipality of Gettysburg in Pennsylvania located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Carroll County Maryland is southeast and Pennsylvania's Cumberland County is to the north of the Adams County.
The album Turn Me On (which has run time of 35.1 minutes) was preceded by the album Let It Breed; Let It Breed is preceded by the release of the album Love American Style.
The album Turn Me On is by the American band The Honeymoon Killers.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the United States in a place called the municipality of Gettysburg in Adams County, Pennsylvania. This place has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland and to its north Pennsylvania's Cumberland County. The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is classified as a contributing property.
"Imagine" is a song by musical artist, John Lennon.
The Acharya Institute of Technology which is in India, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and was given the Technical Campus status by The All India Council for Technical Education which is in Mumbai. The campus address for the Acharya Institute of Technology is: Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
Bionico dessert is a food found in Mexico (currency: peso). Sandesh is also a dessert.
Lancashire native Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman, a story created by Steve Bright filmed in London at Broadcasting House, the home of the BBC who also broadcast it.
The Year of No Light album Nord is in the sludge metal genre, one variety of which is southern sludge.
Lady Anne Monson was born in Darlington, in the Kingdom of England, on January 1st, 1726. Her nationality was with the Kingdom of England, but her residence was in India. She passed away on February 18th, 1776.
The Pontiac Rageous was a car with a coupe body style manufactured by Pontiac. Assembled in both Michigan and Detroit, it went into production in 1997, ending in the same year.
The American band, the Honeymoon Killers, self-produced its album Turn Me On, with the help of some musicians from an associated musical group called Pussy Galore.
Peso is currency used by Mexicans in Mexico. Bionico is a dessert that can be found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Cookies are also a type of dessert.
Punk blues and noise rock are genre of the album Turn Me On.
Piotr Hallmann's birthplace was in Gdynia, Poland on August 25th. 1987 and he is 175.26 cm tall.
The full name of the country Israel is the State of Israel.
The Pontiac Rageous was a car with a coupe body style that was manufactured by Pontiac, first produced in 1997 and last produced in 1997 as well.
The music of the film English Without Tears is composed by Nicholas Brodszky with Harold French as the director.
Olga Bondareva, born in Leningrad of the USSR, is an economist and mathematician who died in Saint Petersburg on December 9, 1991.
The architect of Alan B Miller Hall, owned by The College of William and Mary, is Robert A M Stern and it is situated at 101 Ukrop Way, Virginia, USA. They started to build the Alan B Miller Hall on the 30th of March, 2007 and The Mason School of Business are now its tenants.
The Honeymoon Killers is the producer of the Turn Me On album.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis which has 448 pages, was written by Eric Flint.
Hypermarcas, a company that makes healthcare products and sells cosmetics, employs 10,252 people. Hypermarcas had a net income of $108,600,000 and its revenue is $1,800,000,000.
Ciudad Ayala is a city with population density of 1604.0 and the population of the metropolitan area is 1,777,539. One of the leaders of Ciudad Ayala is the City Manager.
Reggae's stylistic origin is rhythm and blues.
GMA New Media, Inc. is a subsidiary of GMA Network.
Lady Anne Monson was born in the Kingdom of England whose capital was previously Winchester.
Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes released on October 16, 2001 is 230.05 minutes long.
The location of Bedford Aerodrome is Thurleigh and it has a runway whose length is 1095.
Hypermarcas, whose main product is drugs, was founded on January 1, 2001 and is located in Brazil.
Louis Levy, who was born on November 20, 1894, is the music composer for the film "It's Great to be Young."
Brandon Carter was born in 1942 on January, 1 and graduated from the University of Cambridge. He is best known for creating the Penrose diagram.
Post-hardcore is a derivative of noise rock.
MotorSport Vision, founded in 2004 by Jonathan Palmer, operates the Bedford Aerodrome in Thurleigh.
"Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense" is the full name of the Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense club, which has 17000 members. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league on their ground Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca. The championship is based in Brazil and Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions.
Death on a Factory Farm, produced and directed by Tom Simon and edited by Geof Bartz was broadcast by HBO. The music was composed by Jamie Lawrence and Sarah Teale was co-producer.
Lady Anne Monson lived in the Kingdom of England and held British nationality but resided in India for most of her life. Pranab Mukherjee is the leader of India, which has a total area of 32875900000000.
The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes by Velvet Underground, a rock music genre, was released on October, 16, 2001 by Universal Music Group and Polydor Records.The Quine Tapes was preceded by Squeeze by The Velvet Underground.
The band Train were signed to the record label Warner Music Group.
Brandon Carter, known for the Carter constant and No-hair theorem, is a professional in the field of general relativity.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny (based at Grozny) and managed by Rashid Rakhimov.Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow's youth team an his current club is FC Amkar Perm.
Nurhan Atasoy was born on January 1st 1934 in Turkey.
Nurhan Atasoy was born in Reşadiye.
Al Asad Airbase has a runway length of 3,992.88 and is run by the United States Air Force.
The song Mermaid belongs to the musical band Train written in the reggae music genre where Pop rock is the genre.
The apoapsis of 1147 Stavropolis is 418476000000.0. Its orbital period of is 1249.6 days, and it was discovered by Grigory Neujmin.
Super Capers, a movie directed by Ray Griggs, was distributed by both Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions and had a 98 minute run time.
The University of Burgundy, located in the city of Dijon (postal code 21000), has 16,800 undergraduate students and 2,900 staff members.
The College of WIlliam and Mary is the current owner of Alan B. Miller Hall and the Mason School of Business is the current tenants.
George Allen & Unwin published the Fellowship of the Ring.
The University of Burgundy is located in Dijon in France, which is also known as the French Republic and led by Claude Bartolone.
Lionsgate provides digital distribution service.
English Without Tears is 89 minutes long.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall, which was completed on June 1, 2009.
The OS grid reference for Darlington is NZ289147.
The album Turn Me On is punk blues, a genre which originated from the earlier garage rock sound.
The 89-minute-long movie English Without Tears includes music composed by Nicholas Brodszky. Alan Jaggs was in charge of the editing.
Nicholas Brodszky has a non-performing background.
Abraham A. Ribicoff’s birthplace is the USA where he worked for the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare office, in a country where African Americans are a national ethnic group. His spouse is Ruth Ribicoff.
The Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense club has 17000 members and they play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league based in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca and Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the league. The chairman of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense has the title of 'President'.
Chinabank was founded on August 16,1920 and the bank has 295 centers and provides services to customers. Chinabank's net income is 15,100,000,000.
The BBC tv series, Bananaman, created by Steve Bright and starred Bill Oddie, who was born in Rochdale. The BBC Headquarters is referred to as Broadcasting House.
The University of Burgundy has 9400 post-graduate students and employs 2900 staff members.
The periapsis of 1147 Stavropolis is 260855000000.
The Bootleg Series Volume I: The Quine Tapes was recorded in the United States.
Acharya Institute of Technology is in Bangalore, Karnataka.
Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar is the director of the Acharya Institute of Technology. Its address is Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090. The All India Council for Technical Education, located in Mumbai, was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Nurhan Atasoy, a Turkish national residing in Istanbul was born on 1934-01-01 in Turkey.
ENAIRE, located in Madrid, is the operating organisation for Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas airport in Alcobendas. The airport is elevated 610 metres above sea level and its runway name is 14L/32R.
Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States is home to the 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument.
The University of Burgundy has a 2900 member staff. The university, located in Dijon, serves 1299 doctoral students.
The city of Bangalore, founded in the state of Karnataka, India By Kempe Gowda I, is home to the Acharya Institute of Technology. Its campus with Technical Status designated by the All India Technical Council for Technical Education in Mumbai, is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, and the institute is directed by Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar.
Alan Shepard, an American, who went to school at NWC and graduated with an MA in 1957 and who was the Chief of the Astronaut Office in 1963, was born in New Hampshire on Nov 18, 1923 and died in California.
Musical group the Velvet Underground released The album The Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, which was recorded under the Universal Music Group and its parent company Vivendi. A former member of the band was Lou Reed.
Nurhan Atasoy, who was born on January 01, 1934 in Turkey, currently also resides there (Istanbul) and has both Turkish nationality and citizenship.
Expect a Miracle has a runtime of 54:56.
The Pontiac Rageous went into production in 1997 and ended the same year.
Justin Whalin stars in Super Capers, which is written by director Ray Griggs.
The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R Tolkien. The Two Towers is the sequel to it. It was preceded by the Hobbit. The Hobbit's genre is juvenile fantasy and literary genre is high fantasy.
The place served by the Bedford Aerodrome located in Thurleigh is the Bedford Autodrome.
The currency of Mexico is the peso and the local people are called Mexicans. In Mexico there is a region called Jalisco which makes a dessert called bionico that requires granola as one of its ingredients.
Bionico is a dessert food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
The University of Burgundy is located in the city of Dijon in France.
Though associated with Jwaydan Moyine, trance music was the genre of choice for Andrew Rayel.
Hypermarcas, a type of S.A. (corporation), was founded on January 1, 2001, and has a subsidiary called Mantecorp.
1147 Stavropolis is an asteroid, discovered on 11 June 1929 by Grigory Neujmin. Its absolute magnitude is 11.5, and it has a rotation period of 20378.5. Its periapsis is 260855000000.0, orbital period is 1249.6 and the apoapsis is 418476000000.0 AU.
Ciudad Ayala (a city in Mexico) has a leader called the Governator and it is part of Morelos.
The University of Burgundy is located in the city of Dijon, has 27400 students, 16800 undergraduate students, 2900 staff members and 1299 doctoral students.
Piotr Hallmann weighs 70.308 kilograms and was born in Gdynia, Poland, which follows the Central European Summer Time timezone.
Nurhan Atasoy, born January 1st, 1934, was of Turkish nationality.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense with 17000 members play in the Brazil Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in located in Arapiraca and ground is Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense.
Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is a stadium in Arapiraca. It is the home ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense of the Brazilian Championship Series C where the champions are Vila Nova Futebol Clube. The Brazilian name for the championship is Campeonato Brasileiro Série C, and Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense competed there in 2015. The club has 17,000 members.
Andrzej Piotr Ruszczyński is known for his work with stochastic programming.
Live at Roadburn 2008 by Year of No Light was produced by the Roadburn Festival.
Train followed Mermaid with Imagine, a song by John Lennon was produced by the production team Espionage and written by Pat Monahan.
The All India Council for Technical Education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology located in Bangalore. The Institute is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The All India Council for Technical Education located in Mumbai was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the Acharya Institute of Technology. The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University which is located at Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore - 560090.
The leader title for Ciudad Ayala is City Manager.
The Pontiac Rageous was a car that went into production in 1997 and was manufactured by Pontiac. Pontiac was founded in the United States, and one of the successors of Pontiac is Buick.
The total area of water in New Jersey is 3,544 square kilometers.
Ciudad Ayala UTC offset is -6 in the country of Mexico.
English Without Tears producer Anatole de Grunwald was born in Saint Petersburg.
The Velvet Underground Squeeze album was succeeded by the rock album Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes, recorded under record label Polydor Records in San Francisco.
The language code (ISO 639-2) of the English language is eng.
The number of employees at Hypermarcas is 10252.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry monument (located in Adams county, Pennsylvania) was established in the year 2000. Adams county, Pennsylvania has Cumberland county, Pennsylvania to its north.
Brandon Carter born in England attended University of Cambridge whose vice chancellor is Leszek Borysiewicz.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's full name is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense" and they played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in the 2015 season from Brazil and Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions. The Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca is the name of the ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense located in Arapiraca.
The song Mermaid by Train (written by Espen Lind) was release on December 27, 2012. Mermaid has a total runtime of 3 minutes and 16 seconds, and belongs to the pop rock genre. Mermaid is preceded by the song This'll be my year.
The album Nord by the artist Year of No Light, was released by the record label Crucial blast on the E-Vinyl record label.
Agremiacao Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C league based in Brazil in 2015. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca located in Arapiraca.
Aaron Turner is a singer who was born in Boston. His music is post-metal, and he played with the band twilight.
J.R.R. Tolkien wrote The Fellowship of the Ring which was released on July 29, 1954. The Hobbit was released first, followed by The Fellowship of the Ring, and then The Two Towers.
Ciudad Ayala is in Morelos and has a population density of 1604.
Darinka Dentcheva is a citizen of the United States who works in the field of Mathematical optimization.
GMA New Media is a company in the entertainment industry that is located inside the GMA Network Center, which is in the Philippines,.
